Add config finalization (#2)
surgeventures/fig: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added

> - Configurations can now be finalized by calling `#finalize!` on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configurations can now be protected from unwanted changes by calling `#finalize!` on them.
```
